The story is of a young boy named Shan who is the son of a poor fisherman. The boy is at a very young age yet is full of determination. The boy's family will be in extreme poverty, helplessness causes the boy to sleep in junkyards across the coast. In his free time he has the company of his friends who, just like the boy, help their father with their daily chores or work in small jobs for very little money to support their living. Being a part of the lower class and discredited families, no one in the society will be willing to help them. Despite all the poverty the boy is very kind and caring for everyone around him. One shivering night the boy wakes up to faint noises coming from the sea, out of curiousity the boy goes out to have a look and sees and old man in the almost frozen water practising, the user has the options: to help the old man or silently observe him from the dark - actions of the during this changes his destiny. Once a poor boy becomes the most respected man in the entire country.
The boy eventually gains interest and curiousity about what the man was doing. He eventually realizes that the old man who was once a kung fu warrior is now a master in a temple high up in the mountains. Along with his friends, the boy climbs to the top and is amazed by the beautiful view from above. His friends give up and return back to their houses where as the boy continuues till he reaaches the top. The old man welcomes him and acts like he was expecting the boy.


The design is fairly minimalist with simple features. The site will be text based (except a few pages to make it look good). The user can read the story and is prompted with options to choose the actions in the story, to select the user must click on their desired option which will be in the form of a button. The user must make wise decisions on the options as it would change the fate of the story. The options will be prompted as multiple choice, this would take the user to a webpage that continues the story with their selected option.

To achieve the desired final project, The plan is to make use of basic HTML to write the story as well as give options. However, the hyperlinks will be modified with apprpriate buttons with the use of CSS. CSS will also be used to give a unique background relating to the particular set of the story at that moment. It is also planned to make use of audio effects during the story, which will also be related to the particular scenes in the story. To get pictures for the website, planning to capture really good photos from my own surroundings as well as those from online open source photo libraries such as unsplash.com, shutterstock.com, etc. Similarly for audio, is to use open source audio libraries that can be found online. The aim is to achieve the audiences retention and intrest in the story by providing visual and sound effects.

The user will be able to choose between dark and light mode for their own sutiable reading environment. On research, it was found that with the use of CSS and JavaScript, CSS will be used for the modifying the background and text whereas JavaScript will allow to toggle between these. Similar methodoly will be used to give an additional feature to mute the background audio, where the user can toggle mute.
